Value	Area	The name the student will see	The description the student will see	Parent region	Accompanying image
1	3quarter_CorpusCallosum.png	Corpus Callosum	The corpus callosum is a large white matter tract that connects the left and right brain hemispheres. The cingulate gyrus lies directly above it and the fornix follows along its inferior aspect. 	N/A	N/A
2	3quarter_FimbriaFornix.png	Fimbria-Fornix	The fimbria-fornix is one of the two major output tracts of the hippocampus, belonging to the diencephalic memory system. The two fimbria arise bilaterally from output fibres of each hippocampal formation with the appearance of strips of white matter on the hippocampus surface. They each give rise to a fornix on either side that leave the temporal lobe and then merge to form one fornix that follows the inferior aspect of the corpus callosum. The fornix then splits once more at the anterior commissure, moving away from the corpus callosum where they then terminate on the mammillary bodies of the hypothalamus. 	Temporal lobe	N/A
12	3quarter_Subiculum.png	Subiculum	The subiculum is a component of the hippocampal formation, consisting of 3-layered allocortex. It is the cortex between the hippocampus proper and the parahippocampal gyrus, carrying the efferent projections from area CA1 of the hippocampus. This is one of two output pathways of the hippocampus proper, the other being via the fimbria-fornix.	Temporal lobe	N/A
8	3quarter_TemporalLobe.png	Temporal Lobe	The lateral-most lobe of the cerebral cortex. The temporal lobe on each side of the brain is delineated anteriorly from the frontal and parietal lobes by the lateral sulcus (also called the sylvian fissure). Named the temporal lobe as it lies deep to the temporal bone of the skull, it also lies mostly in the middle cranial fossa. The temporal lobe, especially its medial region, has long been associated with recognition and memory - damage to it affects declarative memory (recalling facts like dates or names) and its degeneration is associated with dementia. The hippocampus and related regions are found in the medial temporal lobe - the Parahippocampal Gyrus (see ""Parahippocampal Gyrus"") is the most medial gyrus of the temporal lobe, beside it the more primitive allocortex (3-4 cortical layers) folds in on itself to form the hippocampal formation, consisting of the hippocampus proper (CA1, 2 and 3), dentate gyrus, and subiculum. (For more details see the individual regions).	N/A	N/A
16	3quarter_HippocampusProper.png	Hippocampus Proper	The hippocampus proper is a part of the hippocampal formation which consists of the Cornus Ammonis regions 1, 2, and 3. This area of the hippocampal formation consists of 3-layered allocortex and can be found in the inferior horn of the lateral ventricle. As a result of its development, it is folded into the medial temporal lobe, being continuous with its neocortex via the subiculum and its connections to the juxtallocortex of the parahippocampal gyrus.	Temporal lobe	N/A
