Value	Area	The name the student will see	The description the student will see	Parent region	Accompanying image
1	hemisection_MamillaryBody.png	Mammillary Body	The left of the two mamillary bodies of the hypothalamus is visible on the hemisection model. They are part of the diencephalic memory system, one of the two major output pathways of the hippocampus. As part of this output pathway, about half the fibres of the fornix are received by the mamillary bodies, while other fibres are received by parts of the thalamus. They play an important role in memory as damage to them (such as that seen in Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome) is associated with anterograde amnesia.	N/A	N/A
6	hemisection_ParahippocampalGyrus.png	Parahippocampal Gyrus	The parahippocampal gyrus consists anteriorly of the pyriform cortex (includes uncus and primary olfactory cortex), and posteriorly of the entorhinal cortex (see "entorhinal cortex"). It is also part of the transitional cortex between allocortex and neocortex, consisting of 4-5 cortical layers. It is also continuous with the cingulate gyrus posteriorly."	Temporal lobe	N/A
4	hemisection_TemporalLobe.png	Temporal Lobe	The lateral-most lobe of the cerebral cortex. The temporal lobe on each side of the brain is delineated anteriorly from the frontal and parietal lobes by the lateral sulcus (also called the sylvian fissure). Named the temporal lobe as it lies deep to the temporal bone of the skull, it also lies mostly in the middle cranial fossa. The temporal lobe, especially its medial region, has long been associated with recognition and memory - damage to it affects declarative memory (recalling facts like dates or names) and its degeneration is associated with dementia. The hippocampus and related regions are found in the medial temporal lobe - the parahippocampal gyrus (see "Parahippocampal Gyrus") is the most medial gyrus of the temporal lobe, beside it the more primitive allocortex (3-4 cortical layers) folds in on itself to form the hippocampal formation, consisting of the hippocampus proper (CA1, 2 and 3), dentate gyrus, and subiculum. (For more details see the individual regions).	N/A	N/A
8	hemisection_CingulateGyrus.png	Cingulate Gyrus	The cingulate gyrus lies just anterior to the corpus callosum and is continuous posteriorly with the parahippocampal gyrus. The functions of the cingulate gyrus are still under investigation - its dysfunction may contribute to depression and schizophrenia and deep brain stimulation of parts of the cingulate gyrus have been used to treat intractable depression. Additionally a large white matter association tract, the cingulum, runs below its surface and carries output fibres from it to the parahippocampal gyrus. 	N/A	N/A
16	hemisection_CorpusCallosum.png	Corpus Callosum	The corpus callosum is a large white matter tract that connects the left and right brain hemispheres. The cingulate gyrus lies directly above it and the fornix follows along its inferior aspect. 	N/A	N/A					
