Value	Area	The name the student will see	The description the student will see	Parent region	Accompanying image
1	hippocampus_TemporalLobe.png	Temporal Lobe	The lateral-most lobe of the cerebral cortex. The temporal lobe on each side of the brain is delineated anteriorly from the frontal and parietal lobes by the lateral sulcus (also called the sylvian fissure). Named the temporal lobe as it lies deep to the temporal bone of the skull, it also lies mostly in the middle cranial fossa. The temporal lobe, especially its medial region, has long been associated with recognition and memory - damage to it affects declarative memory (recalling facts like dates or names) and its degeneration is associated with dementia. The hippocampus and related regions are found in the medial temporal lobe - the Parahippocampal Gyrus (see "Parahippocampal Gyrus") is the most medial gyrus of the temporal lobe, beside it the more primitive allocortex (3-4 cortical layers) folds in on itself to form the hippocampal formation, consisting of the hippocampus proper (CA1, 2 and 3), dentate gyrus, and subiculum. (For more details see the individual regions).	N/A	N/A
36	hippocampus_PerirhinalCortex.png	Perirhinal Cortex	The perirhinal cortex is an area of cortex located close to the hippocampal formation which is important in object recognition memory, unlike the hippocampus's roles in episodic and navigational memory. It also receives efferent connections from the entorhinal cortex, originally from the hippocampus proper, which it then relays to unimodal and polymodal association cortices.	Temporal lobe, may also be slightly obscured by the parahippocampal gyrus despite not being a part of it	N/A
5	hippocampus_Subiculum.png	Subiculum	The Subiculum is a component of the hippocampal formation, consisting of 3-layered allocortex. It is the cortex between the hippocampus proper and the parahippocampal gyrus, carrying the efferent projections from area CA1 of the hippocampus. This is one of two output pathways of the hippocampus proper, the other being via the fimbria-fornix.	Temporal lobe	N/A
8	hippocampus_HippocampusProper.png	Hippocampus Proper	The hippocampus proper is a part of the hippocampal formation which consists of the cornus ammonis regions 1, 2, and 3. This area of the hippocampal formation consists of 3-layered allocortex and can be found in the inferior horn of the lateral ventricle. As a result of its development, it is folded into the medial temporal lobe, being continuous with its neocortex via the subiculum and its connections to the juxtallocortex of the parahippocampal gyrus.	Temporal lobe	N/A
49	hippocampus_EntorhinalCortex.png	Entorhinal Cortex	The entorhinal cortex is located posteriorly in the parahippocampal gyrus and makes up both afferent and efferent connections to the hippocampal formation. Afferent connections mainly travel through the perforant pathway to the granule cells of the dentate gyrus while efferent connections come from the subiculum and travel back via the parahippocampal and perirhinal cortices to unimodal and polymodal association areas. Furthermore, the entorhinal cortex has a large role in navigation, containing cells such as grid cells and border cells.	Temporal lobe, Parahippocampal gyrus	N/A
33	hippocampus_ParahippocampalGyrus.png	Parahippocampal Gyrus	The Parahippocampal Gyrus consists anteriorly of the pyriform cortex (includes uncus and primary olfactory cortex), and posteriorly of the entorhinal cortex (see "entorhinal cortex"). It is also part of the transitional cortex between allocortex and neocortex, consisting of 4-5 cortical layers. It is also continuous with the cingulate gyrus posteriorly.	Temporal lobe	N/A
64	hippocampus_DentateGyrus.png	Dentate Gyrus	The dentate gyrus is a component of the hippocampal formation, consisting of 3-layered allocortex. It receives afferent connections into its granule cells from the entorhinal cortex via the perforant pathway neurons. The dentate gyrus then sends mossy fibre projections to the pyramidal neurons of area CA3. Though not viewable on this model due to it being buried by the hippocampus proper, the dentate gyrus is often recognised by the "tooth-like" appearance of its sharp edge.	Temporal lobe, may also be slightly obscured by the hippocampus proper despite not being a part of it
